Kv changelog update (#4305)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: keyvault/client/keys/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 4.0.0-preview.1 (2019-06-28)
Version 4.0.0-preview.1 is a preview of our efforts in creating a client library that is developer-friendly, idiomatic to the Java ecosystem, and as consistent across different languages and platforms as possible. The principles that guide our efforts can be found in the [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for

> .Java](https://azuresdkspecs.z5.web.core.windows.net/JavaSpec.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java](https://azuresdkspecs.z5.web.core.windows.net/JavaSpec.html).
```

Author: Updated.

> For release notes and more information please visit https://aka.ms/azure-sdk-preview1-java

Reviewer: Make this a hyperlink that is human friendly, e.g. 
```suggestion
For details on the Azure SDK for Java (July 2019 Preview) release, you can refer to the [release announcement](https://aka.ms/azure-sdk-preview1-java).
```

Author: updated.

> This library is not a direct replacement for `azure-keyvault`. Applications using that library would require code changes to use `azure-keyvault-keys`.

Reviewer: "replacement for `azure-keyvault`" - should you use a more specific name that 'azure-keyvault' (because this relates to keys specifically) or a link to the repo or somewhere?

Author: added repo link and mentioned about keys/secret specific operations.
